TCP

	Reliability
		ARQ - If a sender gets an ARQ for a sequence number, it will send that sequence packet again. 
		Checksums - Each packet contains a checksum. If checksum is invalid. reciever sends an ARQ for that packet
	

	Flow Control
		Rate based - gives the sender a certain data rate and ensures the data is never allowed to be sent at a faster speed
		Window based - Window size can vay. There is a message sent that from the reciever to the sender about how large a window to use (window advertisement)
				(data based, based on the size of data)
		Window of packets 
			Collection of packets with sequence numbers that have been injected by the sender but not yet acknowledged


	Synchronize/Synchronize-Acknoledgement/Acknowledge

	Syn/ SynAck/ Ack 




TCP Timeout and Retransmisson
	

	
	TCP host sends packets into network without a reservation and then reacts to observable events
	each source determintes how much capacity is available to a given flow in the network
	ACK's are used to 'pace' the transmission. TCP is thus self-clocking

	Retransmission occurs when data sent has not been acknowledged. 2 types
	
		Structure of ACK
		RTO - time-based. 
			if data is not acknowledged by the time the timer expires, data is resent
			RTO is set based on calculated 
		RTT - Retransmit Threshold	
			SRTT- Classic method, takes into account past RTT
			Standard, accomodates a larger variability in RTT
				Keeps track of variability in RTO as a number
				Estimates the average RTO


		How fast retransmission works
			Reciever sends duplicate ACK for each packet missing, with sequence number of missing packet
			Sender retransmits requested packets. 

		Spurious timeouts and retransmission
			TCP can and willl initiate a retransmit even though no data has been lost
			Typically occurs when RTT has increased quickly
		
		Algorithms used with retransmitting

			Eifel Detection algorithm is used to detect spurious behavior
			Forward-RTO-Recovery is also used to detect spurious behavior
			Eifel Response algorithm 

		How SACKs are used to help TCP sender know what data is missing	
		
		
Reordering and duplication
	- Recordering can take place in the forward path or the reverse path
	- can be complicated because data packets can go through a different path on network linkx
	- if holes occur the retransmit must occur to get the correct amount packets

	- Repacketization
		- TCP may not send out the identical segment that was missed. If that occurs, repacketization needs to occur. 
		- Repacketization puts data in new packets, instead of using the same packets as before. 
		
